<p align="center">
  <video src="https://github.com/duguyihou/react-native-turbo-image/assets/9347790/719cd0f9-502b-4a9e-9e86-00c97651aca1"  />
</p>
    
> You can find more examples in [example folder](https://github.com/duguyihou/react-native-turbo-image/tree/main/example)

# react-native-turbo-image

Performant React Native image component. Powered by [Nuke](https://github.com/kean/Nuke) and [Coil](https://github.com/coil-kt/coil)

## Features

- Memory and Disk Cache
- Image Processing & Decompression
- Written in TypeScript, Swift and Kotlin
- Support SVG and Gif

## Installation

```sh
npm install react-native-turbo-image

cd ios && pod install
```

## Usage

```ts
import TurboImage from 'react-native-turbo-image';

// ...

<TurboImage
  src={url}
  style={{ width: 200, height: 200 }}
  cachePolicy="dataCache"
  blurhash="UCHx4#R3Si.8I^M{NGkCZLRkRPIA~qNGxtj["
/>;
```

## Props

### `src: string`

The URL of the image

### `style: ImageStyle`

The style of the image

### `blurhash?: string`

The blurhash of the image to show while loading, generated by [blurh.sh](https://blurha.sh/)

### `cachePolicy?: enum`

The cache policy of the image

- `memory`: LRU memory cache for processed images. set by default
- `dataCache`: aggressive LRU disk cache
- `urlCache`: HTTP disk cache, respect cache-control

### `resizeMode?: enum`

The resize mode of the image, default value `contain`  

- `contain`
- `cover` 
- `stretch` 
- `center`

### `indicator?: enum` (iOS only, Android in progress)
show the indicator when loading, default value `medium`
- `medium`
- `large`

### `fadeDuration?: number`

The transition duration of the image. default value: 0.3(iOS) / 0.1(Android)

### `borderRadius?: number`

The border radius added to the image 

### `rounded?: boolean`

Round the image into a circle 

### `blur?: number`

The blur radius of the blur filter added to the image

### `monochrome?: number / ColorValue`

The color applied to the image. 

>note: For iOS and Android Q+, it works with any color. For Android Q-, it only supports grayscale.

### `resize?: number[]`

The size applied to the image. `[width, height]`

### `onStart?: (result: NativeSyntheticEvent<Start>) => void`

The function to call when the image is fetching

### `onSuccess?: (result: NativeSyntheticEvent<Success>) => void`

The function to call when the image is successfully loaded

### `onFailure?: (result: NativeSyntheticEvent<Failure>) => void`

The function to call when the request failed

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT
